OSDOCS-4438: Deploy Microshift with mirror registry (#64852)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-mirror-container-images.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift/running_applications/microshift-deploy-with-mirror-registry.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-mirror-container-images_{context}"]
= Mirror {product-title} container images into an existing registry

> Mirroring container images is an alternative to embedding {product-title} into a {op-system-ostree-first} image. ISO images and updates can be transferred to air-gapped environments and installed on {product-title} instance. But, using a custom air-gapped container registry can be necessary with certain user environments and workload requirements.

Reviewer: The OCI image registry wouldn't hold ISO images, just container images.

> Mirroring container images is an alternative to embedding {product-title} into a {op-system-ostree-first} image. Container images and updates can be transferred to air-gapped environments and installed on {product-title} instance. But, using a custom air-gapped container registry can be necessary with certain user environments and workload requirements.

Reviewer 2: Mirroring is not an alternative to embedding without the air-gapped context. Can we keep the wording closer to the https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aqgjxP2YqIGi2djU96vN2yykDZpIC8s2hg4QHTCz390/edit#heading=h.ykqn5kc26aev?

> To create a mirror registry for {product-title} containers, you must complete the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create an air-gapped mirror registry for {product-title} containers, you must complete the following steps:
```
